[SPARK-48031][SQL] Support view schema evolution (#46267)
apache/spark: docs/sql-ref-syntax-ddl-create-view.md

    * `[ ( column_name [ COMMENT column_comment ], ... ) ]` to specify column-level comments.
    * `[ COMMENT view_comment ]` to specify view-level comments.
    * `[ TBLPROPERTIES ( property_name = property_value [ , ... ] ) ]` to add metadata key-value pairs.
    * `[ WITH SCHEMA { BINDING | COMPENSATION | [ TYPE ] EVOLUTION } ]` to specify how the view reacts to schema changes

>       This clause is not supported for `TEMPORARY` views.

Reviewer: Temp view and persistent view share the same view resolution code path, what should be the mode for temp view? Still BINDING as before?

Author: Temporary views are governed by the config. If the feature is disabled its unchanged (BINDING ). Otherwise COMPENSATION (our new default).

    AS SELECT mo.member_id, mb.full_name, mo.movie_title
        FROM movies AS mo INNER JOIN members AS mb 
        ON mo.member_id = mb.id;

> -- Create a view filtering the `orders` table which will adjustto schema changes in `orders`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Create a view filtering the `orders` table which will adjust to schema changes in `orders`.
```
